en, zh: add some clarify for dashboard (#1186)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/access-dashboard.md

This document describes how to access TiDB Dashboard in Kubernetes.

> **Note:**
>

> > discovery will proxy the request to PD, in this document we access the discovery instead of PD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiDB Operator starts a Discovery service for each TiDB cluster. The Discovery service can return the corresponding startup parameters for each PD Pod to support the startup of the PD cluster. The Discovery service can also send proxy requests to the TiDB Dashboard. In this document, TiDB Dashboard is accessed using the Discovery service.
```

3. Visit <http://localhost:10262/dashboard> in your browser to access TiDB Dashboard.

> **Note:**
>

> > `port-forward` default bind IP 127.0.0.1, if you want to access the machine runs `port-forward`, you can specify `--address` flag to bind the IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, `port-forward` binds to the IP address 127.0.0.1. If you need to use another IP address to access the machine running the `port-forward` command, you can add the `-address` option and specify the IP address to be bound.
```

> > `port-forward` default bind IP 127.0.0.1, if you want to access the machine runs `port-forward`, you can specify --address flag to bind the IP address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `port-forward` default bind IP 127.0.0.1, if you want to access the machine runs `port-forward`, you can specify `--address` flag to bind the IP address.
```
